Document behavior of the MicroVG FreeType LL implementation (#693)
MicroEJ/docs: VEEPortingGuide/vgCco.rst

Library: Freetype
=================

Description
-----------

The Freetype library compatible with MicroEJ is packaged in a C module on the :ref:`developer_repository`: `com.microej.clibrary.thirdparty#freetype`_.

.. _com.microej.clibrary.thirdparty#freetype: https://forge.microej.com/artifactory/microej-developer-repository-release/com/microej/clibrary/thirdparty/freetype/

This C module provides a fork of Freetype 2.11.0.

Memory Heap Configuration
-------------------------

The Freetype library requires a memory Heap for Freetype internal objects allocated when a font file is loaded (see https://freetype.org/freetype2/docs/design/design-4.html). 
The size of this heap depends on the number of fonts loaded in parallel and on the fonts themselves. 

> This size is defined by ``VG_FEATURE_FREETYPE_HEAP_SIZE_HEAP`` in ``microvg_configuration.h``.

Reviewer: Please fix `VG_FEATURE_FREETYPE_HEAP_SIZE_HEAP` by renaming it into `VG_FEATURE_FREETYPE_HEAP_SIZE`

Author: ```suggestion
This size is defined by ``VG_FEATURE_FREETYPE_HEAP_SIZE`` in ``microvg_configuration.h``.
```

> All fonts do not require the same heap size. The ``MICROVG_MONITOR_HEAP`` define in ``microvg_helper.h`` and ``MEJ_LOG_MICROVG`` and ``MEJ_LOG_INFO_LEVEL`` defines in ``mej_log.h`` can be used to monitor the Freetype heap evolution.

Reviewer: The ``MICROVG_MONITOR_HEAP`` define in ``microvg_helper.h`` and ``MEJ_LOG_MICROVG`` and ``MEJ_LOG_INFO_LEVEL`` defines in ``mej_log.h`` can be used to monitor the Freetype heap evolution.

Wording suggestion:

Freetype heap evolution can be monitored by enabling the following macros:
- ``MICROVG_MONITOR_HEAP`` defined in ``microvg_helper.h``
- ``MEJ_LOG_MICROVG`` and ``MEJ_LOG_INFO_LEVEL`` defined in ``mej_log.h``

Author: Thank you, I suggest slightly different rewording:
```suggestion
All fonts do not require the same heap size. FreeType heap usage can be monitored using the following configurations:

* ``MICROVG_MONITOR_HEAP`` defined in ``microvg_helper.h``
* ``MEJ_LOG_MICROVG`` and ``MEJ_LOG_INFO_LEVEL`` defined in ``mej_log.h``
```
WDYT ?

Reviewer: I like this suggestion and the other one above.
Please apply them and ping me, then I approve this PR.
